--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Blue Canvas Studios LLC, Non-Commercial Software License Agreement
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2018 Blue Canvas Studios LLC

SCOPE. The term Software refers to both the source code and executable code
produced thereof.

LICENSE. Subject to the other terms of this Agreement, Blue Canvas Studios LLC
grants User a perpetual, free-of-charge, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-commercial license to:

a. Use the Software only (i) in an educational institution environment, (ii) in
a personal capacity, or (iii) for non-commercial, evaluation purposes in Userâ€™s
internal business operations, subject to restrictions below;  b. Make derivative
works of the source code snippets provided with the Software, and to operate and
distribute such derivative works, under the same license as this Software. c.
Make copies of the Software for archival and backup purposes.

RESTRICTIONS. User is specifically prohibited from:

a. Transferring, assigning, sublicensing, or renting the Software or using it in
any type of software service provider or outsourcing environment where the
functionality of the Software is provided to a third party.

Blue Canvas Studios LLC reserves all rights not expressly granted.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3rd Party Software Acknowledgements
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Simple Console - Copyright (c) 2016 Isaiah Odhner - MIT License
Boost - Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003
